Add dynamic property iteration doc. (#132)
tensorflow/swift: docs/DynamicPropertyIteration.md

# Dynamic property iteration using key paths

[Richard Wei](https://github.com/rxwei), [Dan Zheng](https://github.com/dan-zheng)

Last updated: March 2019

> # Background and motivation

Reviewer: This should be double-#. These are headings, not titles.

Author: Good catch! Fixed in https://github.com/tensorflow/swift/pull/132/commits/09f5f121db353224d576fb5b9aa5d8a26a6a06fd.

                  let rhsValue = rhs[keyPath: kp] as? AnyHashable,
                  lhsValue == rhsValue
            else {
                return false
            }
        }
        return true
    }

    func hash(into hasher: inout Hasher) {
        for kp in allKeyPaths {
            guard let value = self[keyPath: kp] as? AnyHashable else {
                continue
            }
            value.hash(into: &hasher)
        }
    }
}

struct Person : KeyPathIterable, Hashable {
    var firstName: String
    var age: Int
    var friends: [Person]
}
let johnSmith = Person(firstName: "John", age: 30, friends: [])
let johnDoe = Person(firstName: "John", age: 30, friends: [])
let jane = Person(firstName: "Jane", age: 27, friends: [johnSmith])

print(johnSmith == johnDoe) // true
print(johnSmith.hashValue == johnDoe.hashValue) // true

print(johnSmith == jane) // false
print(johnSmith.hashValue == jane.hashValue) // false
```

`KeyPathIterable` can also be used to implement machine learning optimizers.
Optimizers update structs of parameters by iterating over recursively all
writable key paths to parameters.

```swift

> class SGD<Parameter : BinaryFloatingPoint> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class SGD<Parameter: BinaryFloatingPoint> {
```

Same everywhere else.

    init(layers: [DenseLayer]) {
        self.layers = layers
    }
}

let dense = DenseLayer(weight: 1, bias: 1)
var model = MyMLModel(layers: [dense, dense])
let gradient = model
let optimizer = SGD<Float>()
optimizer.update(&model, with: gradient)

dump(model)
// ▿ MyMLModel
//   ▿ layers: 2 elements
//     ▿ DenseLayer
//       - weight: 0.99
//       - bias: 0.99
//       - activation: (Function)
//     ▿ DenseLayer
//       - weight: 0.99
//       - bias: 0.99
//       - activation: (Function)
//   - isTraining: false
```

## Extended design

We explored an [extended modular design](https://forums.swift.org/t/storedpropertyiterable/19218)
for custom property iteration that uses two protocols: `StoredPropertyIterable`
and `CustomKeyPathIterable`.

- `StoredPropertyIterable` models the static layout of structs. It provides a
  static computed property `allStoredProperties` that represents a collection of
  key paths to all stored properties in the type.

- `CustomKeyPathIterable` models both static and dynamic structures. It provides
  an instance computed property `allKeyPaths` that can represent stored
  properties, or dynamic properties like elements.

> # Acknowledgements

Reviewer: Double #. There should be only one title.

The authors would like to thank Dominik Grewe and Dimitrios Vytiniotis for their

> keypath-related ideas, which contributed to the design of the `KeyPathIterable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key-path-related ideas, which contributed to the design of the `KeyPathIterable`
```
